# Group Meetings

# Sprint 1

### January 18th, 2024
- Participants: all team members
- Time: 12:30-1:00pm
- What was discussed:
  - Decided on a project idea
  - Decided on which software we will be using: github, google docs, miro, teams

### January 23nd, 2024
- Participants: all team members 
- Time: 12:45-2:30
- What was discussed:
  - Finalized features 
  - Finalized project name and created logo 
  - Divided work amongst group members 

### January 25th, 2024
- Participants: all team members 
- Time: 12:45-2:30
- What was discussed:
  - Reviewed features in detail 
  - Created user stories

# Sprint 2

### February 13th, 2024
- Participants: all team members
- Time: 12:30 - 2:00pm 
- Location: Eng Library
- What was discussed:
  - Decided what to include in sign up page: decided on username, email, postal code (for location matching), birthday (for age matching), which questions to ask to match users appropriately and how to make dating preferences inclusive
  - Worked on high fidelity UI diagram together using Figma, polished the home page and landing page design

### February 15th, 2024
  - Participants: all team members
  - Time: 12:30 - 2:00pm
  - Location: Eng Library
  - What was discussed
    - Set timeline for work completion and distributed amongst members as follows
        - Breanna: login/sign up front end
        - Dingyuan: home page front end
        - Dan: settings page front end
        - Rahul: backend
        - Joy: CI workflow
      - Discussed which software we want to use for sequence diagrams. Debated between Mira, Milanote and markdown. Decided on markdown using mermaid d/t its simplicity.
      - Discussed format of API requests for login: user posts, username password, server recv, hash pass, and find user in db, once authenticated create a JWT for this session which the user uses for all incoming requests

# Sprint 3

### March 1st, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 1:00 - 2:00pm
- Location: Discord
- What was discussed:
  - Set timeline for work completion and distributed amongst members as follows
    - Breanna: finally/messaging front end
    - Dingyuan: try/ sphere front end
    - Joy: catch/likes page front end 
    - Dan: community Discovery front end
    - Rahul: Back end
- Created and assigned tasks on github projects for each person
- Drew rough drafts of what each page would look like and went over it with ourselves

### March 3rd, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 1:00 - 2:00pm
- Location: Discord
- What was discussed:
  - Review of our assigned work distribution. Went over the bugs for each of the page. 
  - Created and assigned more tasks on github projects and make a timeline on when to get everything done
  - Created more api endpoints for backend
  - Details for the UI color and theme for community discovery and catch/likes page 
  - Chose the next meeting time and minimum to get done by then

### March 7th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 12:30 - 2:00pm
- Location: Eng building
- What was discussed:
  - Review of how the front ends are coming along
  - Re-assigned some tasks 
  - Worked on and tested build for the CI/CD pipeline

### March 10th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 1:00 - 2:00pm
- Location: Discord
- What was discussed:
  - Worked on the message Routers and messageController.js file 
  - Continued working on the image uploading logic and backend logic 
  - Worked on the blocking functionality 

### March 12th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 7:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - final review of the project before submission
 - sorted out any bugs found
 - deployed and hosting it on the web

# Sprint 4

### March 16th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 6:00 pm
- Location: Discord
- What was discussed
  - went through remaining tasks to do for Sprint 4
  - assigned tasks to members
    - Dingyuan: improve front end
    - Breanna: Security Scan
    - Daniel and Joy: Release document
    - Rahul: Backend optimization


### March 19th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 7:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - review of what everyone is working on
 - shared release document tasks among ourselves
 - Breanna: got assigned load testing


### March 22th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 7:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - went through the points TA gave us during the meeting
 - worked out the ice breaker feature 
 - assigned ice breaker feature - Joy and Dingyuan

### March 25nd, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 3:00 - 4:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - Review of our assigned work distribution. Went over the bugs that came up
 - Discussed the details on how the ice breaker feature should look
 - All worked on the release document
 - Breanna: Worked on the demo video for presentation
 - assigned parts of presentation slides to members


### March 29th, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 7:00 pm
- Location: Discord
- What was discussed:
 - Went through the ice breaker feature and the new UI for the sphere
 - Went through the release documents 
 - Re-assigned parts of release documents to those better suited to answer
 - Chose the next meeting time

### April 1st, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 3:00 - 4:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - Went through the presentation slides and demo
 - Fixed any underlying bugs that surfaced

### April 3rd, 2024
- Participants: all group members
- Time: 5:00 - 7:00 pm
- Location: Eng building and Discord
- What was discussed:
 - Practice session for the presentation


# TA Meetings

# Sprint 1

### January 21st, 2024
- Participants: Dingyuan, Rahul, Breanna
- Time: 1pm-1:20pm 
- Discussed:
  - Shared the project idea 
  - TA explained his role which is to primarily offer mentorship and support
  - TA is familiar with python, docker, Kubernetes, mySQL. Limited knowledge with Node JS. 
  - Prefer to meet weekly for 45min-1hr, book the meeting either Saturday, Sunday anytime 11-6pm. 
  - TA prefers to communicate via email or WhatsApp (number shared in discord server)
  - Hosting can be done anywhere but he is familiar with Java Springboard

### January 28th, 2024
- Participants: Breanna, Digyuan, Joy, Dan 
- Time: 1pm-1:30pm 
- Discussed:
  - Reviewed features we had selected 
  - Confirmed expectations and requirements for the project
    - 5 functional features, 1 non-functional
    - No guideline for # of user stories per feature, each user story should be able to completed within a sprint  

# Sprint 2

### Febrary 12th, 2024
- Participants: Breanna, Dingyuan, Dan
- Discussed: 
  - Brief introduction with the new TA
  - Prefers only one meeting per sprint
  - Discussed his availability, only available Monday-Tuesday after 3pm, sometimes Wednesday/Thursday
  - Clarified how many features we are expected to complete (minimum half of the features should be completed)
  - Went over each segment of the rubric
  - TA reminded us to schedule a meeting after the submission to review CI/CD where he will create a pull reques and will go through the entire process together to confirm it working
- Next meeting: February 26, 2024

### February 28th, 2024
- Participants: Breanna, Dingyuan, Dan
- Discussed
  - Went through our features with the TA
  - Went through a demo of our project with him
  - Asked if we deployed our project somewhere 
  - Went through our tests with him
  - Discussed about sprint 4 and what we were supposed to do if we finish everything by sprint 3

# Sprint 3

### March 20th, 2024
- Particpants: Rahul, Dingyuan, Joy
- Discussed
  - Went through our features with the TA
  - Went through a demo of our project with him
  - Went through our tests with him
  - Discussed what else to do for Sprint 4